# fast.ai
Welcome to the start of your fast.ai journey! In today’s lesson you’ll set up your deep learning server, 
and train your first image classification model (a convolutional neural network, or CNN), which will learn to
distinguish dogs from cats nearly perfectly. If you need help at any time, head over to forums.fast.ai where over
a thousand students are discussing the course and have provided lots of tips and tricks for you.

Each lesson page includes a link to a forum topic that includes a hyperlinked timeline, links to further resources,
and a discussion of the lesson. Nearly all the participants in the original in-person course said that they found 
these resources very important for successfully completing the course. So be sure to make the most of them! And be
sure to carefully read the Getting Started page to find out how this course is designed and how to get the most out
of it.

IMPORTANT NOTES!
You need an Nvidia GPU to complete this course, and this video shows how to set up a GPU server on a system called
Paperspace. Note that the setup steps have been simplified since this video was created. You no longer need to set up 
the server from scratch. Instead, when prompted for a template, don’t choose ‘Ubuntu’ as shown in the video, but 
instead choose ‘Public Templates’ and then ‘fast.ai’. Reshama Shaikh has kindly provided written step by step
instructions on the whole process
You are not expected to understand all the code in today’s lesson yet! Don’t worry, by the end of the course, 
not only will every line be explained, but you’ll also be able to write the underlying network and training routines
yourself from scratch. But for now, just focus on being able to run the code and understand the inputs and outputs
to each step. We teach top-down, which means we first show how to create world-class models in practice,
then we gradually drill down into the details of how the model works, and then build it back up again.
LESSON NOTES
We learn today how to classify dogs from cats. Rather than understanding the mathematical details of how this works,
we start by learning the nuts and bolts of how to get the computer to complete the task, using ‘fine-tuning’, 
perhaps the most important skill for any deep learning practitioner. In a later lesson we’ll learn about 
how fine-tuning actually works “behind the scenes”.

An important point discussed is how the data for this lesson needs to be structured. This is the most important step 
for you to complete—if your data is not structured correctly you will not be able to train any models.


识别猫和狗
欢迎开始你的深度学习旅程！今天的课程你将会开始设置你的深度学习服务器，并开始训练你的第一个图像分类模型（一个卷积神经网络，CNN），
将会学习从猫群中区分狗的完美方法。任何时候你需要帮助了，请到forums.fast.ai上寻求帮助，那里有上千的学员讨论着课程并且提供了
很多好的建议还有学习路径给你。

每个课程的页面都包含了一个连接到论坛主题的超连接，它包含了将要学习的资源以及对课程的探讨。几乎所有最开始参与到课程学习的人都说，
他们发现这些资源对于成功的完成这些课程非常重要。所以请确保最大化的使用这些资源。并且确保认真仔细的的阅读 Getting Started页面，
以便知道这门课设计的来龙去脉，并最大化的用好这些资源。

重要的注意事项！
你需要一个Nvidia GPU来完成这个课程，这个视频会展示怎么用Paperspace 在系统中设置一个GPU服务器,在这个视频被创建时，设置的步骤
都是很相似的。当进一步操作模型时候，不要选择视频中的“Ubuntu”，取而代之选择”Public Templates”,然后是选择”fast.ai”.
友善的Reshama Shaikn 在整个过程会提供一步一步的说明。

你可能还不能理解今天课程中的代码！不要担心，在课程的最后，不仅有每一行的代码解释，而且你会有能力从编程中写出最基础的代码，
并自己按部就班的练习。从现在开始，仅仅专注于有能力运行代码并理解每一步的输入输出的含义。我们会从头教到尾，
意味着我们首次展现怎样在练习中创造世界教室，然后我们会逐步深入到模型运行的细节，然后再建立备份（build it back up again）

课程注意事项！
今天我们学习怎样从猫咪中分离出狗。比理解这件事中的数学原理更重要的是，我们学习让电脑完成工作的具体细节，使用”fine-tuning”，
对于任何深度学习从业者而言这也许是最重要的技能。在稍后的课程中，我们将会学习 “fine-tuning”怎样工作。

一个重要的讨论点是：为什么这节课的数据需要结构化。这是完成任务的关键步骤---------如果你的数据没有正确的结构化，你将不能训练任何模型。


